README.md, before:

# VR Puzzler

My submission for "assignment 4" of the Udacity VR Nanodegree.

## How to build

   * Clone this repository
   * Open vr-puzzler in Unity
   * Download the [Google VR SDK for Unity version 1.0.3](https://github.com/googlevr/gvr-unity-sdk/releases/tag/v1.0.3). **Note that other versions of the GVR SDK won't work out of the box**
   * Unzip the GVR SDK archive and import GoogleVRForUnity.unitypackage in Unity
   * Accept when asked to update the APIs for compatibility
   * Install [iTween](http://www.pixelplacement.com/itween/index.php) from the Unity Asset Store
   * Build for your chosen target

*Tested with Unity 5.5f and iOS 10 on an iPhone 6s*

## License

Copyright 2017 Francesco Balestrieri

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add links to Medium post and Youtube video

README.md, after:

# VR Puzzler

A fantasy-themed VR puzzle game that was my submission for "assignment 4" of the Udacity VR Nanodegree. Check this post on Medium for a [more detailed description](https://medium.com/@il_bale/how-i-created-a-vr-puzzle-game-and-what-i-learned-from-it-41090b0adcd1#.ogg3hvvwn) and a [short video](https://youtu.be/mLt8eQ_C9cU).

## How to build

   * Clone this repository
   * Open vr-puzzler in Unity
   * Download the [Google VR SDK for Unity version 1.0.3](https://github.com/googlevr/gvr-unity-sdk/releases/tag/v1.0.3). **Note that other versions of the GVR SDK won't work out of the box**
   * Unzip the GVR SDK archive and import GoogleVRForUnity.unitypackage in Unity
   * Accept when asked to update the APIs for compatibility
   * Install [iTween](http://www.pixelplacement.com/itween/index.php) from the Unity Asset Store
   * Build for your chosen target

*Tested with Unity 5.5f and iOS 10 on an iPhone 6s*

## License

Copyright 2017 Francesco Balestrieri

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
